docs: Describe random string case in snapshot testing (#12501)
facebook/jest: docs/SnapshotTesting.md

`;
```

If the case concerns a string not an object then you need to replace random part of that string on your own before testing the snapshot.  
You can use for that e.g. [`replace()`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String/replace) and [regular expressions](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Regular_Expressions).

```javascript
const randomNumber = Math.round(Math.random() * 100);
const stringWithRandomData = `<div id="${randomNumber}">Lorem ipsum</div>`;
const stringWithConstantData = stringWithRandomData.replace(/id="\d+"/, 123);
expect(stringWithConstantData).toMatchSnapshot();
```

> Another way is to [mock](https://jestjs.io/docs/mock-functions) a library responsible for generating the random part of the code you're snapshotting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another way is to [mock](MockFunctions.md) a library responsible for generating the random part of the code you're snapshotting.
```
